feat: optional Obsidian layer over the memory vault (increment D) (#157)
howarewoo/monorepo-template: skills/woostack-init/references/memory.md

| `scope-match.sh` | `printf '%s\n' <paths> \| bash scope-match.sh '<glob-spec>'` — prints matching paths from stdin; exits 0 if any matched, 1 if none. |
| `build-index.sh` | `bash build-index.sh [<memdir>]` — regenerates `<memdir>/MEMORY.md` from note frontmatter; defaults to `.woostack/memory`. |
| `doctor.sh` | `bash doctor.sh [<memdir>]` — lints the memory directory; warnings exit 0, errors exit 1. |
| `graph.sh` | `bash graph.sh <memdir> <note> [--links\|--backlinks]` — lists a note's outbound wikilinks (`--links`, default) or the notes that link to it (`--backlinks`). Grep-based by default; see §9 for the opt-in Obsidian path. |

> All three scripts depend on `lib.sh` (frontmatter helpers `field()`, `note_body()`, `first_body_line()`) in the same directory. `doctor.sh` also calls `scope-match.sh`. Sourcing order: `lib.sh` first, then `scope-match.sh` if needed.

Author: **Stale script count after adding graph.sh to §8 table**

The prose immediately after the §8 Scripts table says "All three scripts depend on `lib.sh`" but this PR adds `graph.sh` as a fourth row to that same table. A reader following the sentence after a four-row table will be misled about how many scripts use `lib.sh`, and `graph.sh` in fact does not source `lib.sh` at all — so the statement is now both numerically wrong and inaccurate about graph.sh's dependencies.

**Fix:** Change "All three scripts" to "The three scripts above (`scope-match.sh`, `build-index.sh`, `doctor.sh`)" (or equivalent phrasing that excludes `graph.sh`) so it is clear the lib.sh dependency statement does not apply to the newly-added `graph.sh`.

```suggestion
The three scripts above (`scope-match.sh`, `build-index.sh`, `doctor.sh`) depend on `lib.sh` (frontmatter helpers `field()`, `note_body()`, `first_body_line()`) in the same directory. `doctor.sh` also calls `scope-match.sh`. Sourcing order: `lib.sh` first, then `scope-match.sh` if needed. (`graph.sh` is standalone and does not source `lib.sh`.)
```

Author: Fixed in abcca62. The §8 dependency sentence already named only build-index.sh and doctor.sh as lib.sh consumers; extended it to state scope-match.sh and graph.sh are both self-contained, so the fourth table row (graph.sh) is unambiguous.
